and the last time coming man
I'm a kind of fuck oh yeah
yeah
like Mary
so much more to see look Zim's hunter
beat him Bobby mom on the first got him
hurry into the pointy going berserk and
I flow with the best of the best and
that's just lurking hit the studio horn
a happy American and when the day comes
I'm fighting still in the foot trying to
make all the music that you go party to
my mother tells me going even know who
can stop this hunger cuz we trying to be
on TV without bestowing lovers near the
beach when my homies wasn't Whoopi's
wonders run because they heard I'm a kid
better yet the Boy Wonder this funny
Happy's changing a couple years yes
bring a couple girls and get a couple
pitch
yeah let now I dream about living large
every night yeah yeah I dream about the
cars in the lettuce life is women coming
up the bras and myself so yeah I jump up
looking at my haters like I tell you cuz
we're nobody on me when I didn't have a
name then it changed when he saw me
catch a little Fame nothing y'all tryin
to call like Mars what you doing man
they tryin to hang out but I tell them
she that a little bit man hex broke my
heart so I'm single for the cookies man
they say that I'm smoking hot pound
eight Adobe man it's funny how things
change in a couple years so get a couple
yeah
see
yeah everybody out there a dream and you
go boys
early mornings all nice man